WE CALL A MEETING
ORDER CALLING CALLING THE
MEETING TO ORDER WELCOME TO THE
ANN ARBOR HUMAN RIGHTS
COMMISSION.
&gt;&gt; WE BEGIN WITH OUR ROLL CALL
GIVEN BY THE OUR ADMINISTRATIVE
ASSISTANT.
OK, THIS MEETING WILL BE
BROADCAST LIVE ON CD AND CABLE
16 AT CHANNEL 99 AND ONLINE AT
8:00 TO GUBJRG WDTN PUBLIC
COMMENTARY CAN BE MADE IN
PERSON OR A BAD CALL AND 877
EIGHT FIVE THREE FIVE TO FOUR
SEVEN OR EIGHT EIGHT EIGHT
SEVEN EIGHT EIGHT ZERO ZERO
NINE NINE INTERMEETING ID NINE
NINE SIX NINE FOUR ZERO THREE
SEVEN EIGHT SEVEN FOUR ROLL
CALL COMMISSIONER WINKLER
PRESENT COMMISSIONER POWELL
PRESIDENT SHEER STANDBY HERE
COMMISSIONER HERE COMMISSIONER
CAST HERE COMMISSIONER GHAZI IS
ABSENT.
COMMISSIONER SILVER IS ABSENT.
COUNCIL MEMBER NELSON IS
ABSENT.
COUNCIL MEMBER DENHA IS ABSENT
.
VICE CHAIR GARBETT PRESENT HERE
YOU HAVE CORM, YOU HAVE A
QUORUM.
THANK YOU DENISE.
FIRST ORDER OF BUSINESS IS
PUBLIC COMMENT.
I DON&apos;T SEE ANYBODY HERE OR
ANYBODY ON THE FLOOR.
&gt;&gt; I DON&apos;T HAVE ANYBODY ON ZOHN
.
OK, AGENDA.
CAN WE HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE
THE AGENDA APPROVING A MOVE TO
APPROVE THE AGENDA?
&gt;&gt; SECOND ON FAVOR I GENDER&apos;S
APPROVE DISCUSSION.
I&apos;M SORRY.
IS THERE ANY DISCUSSION ABOUT
THE AGENDA?
I&apos;M AFRAID I&apos;D LIKE TO MAKE
SOME CHANGES.
I WOULD LIKE TO ELIMINATE THE
FOLLOW UP ON OUTSIDE GROUP WORK
BECAUSE THE TWO PEOPLE WHO ARE
GOING TO REPORT ARE NOT HERE
AND I WOULD LIKE TO STRIKE ALSO
THE LAST TRESPASS THAT APPEARS
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE PAGE
BECAUSE IT&apos;S REPEATED FROM
ABOVE.
I MOVE TO APPROVE AGENDA AS
AMENDED.
&gt;&gt; I&apos;LL SECOND FAVOR.
THANK YOU.
MINUTES FOR JULY 13TH MEETING
MOTION TO APPROVE THE MINUTE
I&apos;M TO APPROVE THE SECOND
SECOND OUR DISCUSSION ABOUT THE
MINUTES NO DISCUSSION AND ONCE
AGAIN I&apos;VE GOT TWO SMALL THINGS
ON THE SECOND PAGE UNDER FOLLOW
UP ON ONGOING HRC WORK SECOND
PARAGRAPH THE THIRD LINE I
WOULD LIKE TO ADD I WOULD LIKE
TO CHANGE CLé WILL REVISE
GISSLER A WORK TO RULE WILL
WORK TO REVISE THIS BECAUSE WE
WE CAN&apos;T REVISE THE TRESPASS IN
ORDER FOR ONE
ONE MORE CHANGE
AND THAT IS ON PAGE THREE UNDER
A PROPOSED ORDINANCE TO
PROHIBIT DISCRIMINATION AGAINST
THE USE OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT YOU
HAVE TO GET PERMISSION.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
THANKS FOR COMING UNDER THE
PROPOSED ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT
DISCRIMINATION AGAINST THE USE
OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT ISSUED
CREDENTIALS FOURTH LINE AT THE
END FACED BY I WOULD LIKE TO
CHANGE TO FACE BY MANY
INCLUDING MANY CUMA INCLUDING
SO THAT IT READS NOT BEING ABLE
TO PROVE ONE&apos;S IDENTITY IS A
HARDSHIP FACED BY MANY
INCLUDING AN ESTIMATED FIFTEEN
TO TWENTY FIVE PERCENT OF SOME
OF THE STATE&apos;S MARGINALIZED
COMMUNITIES.
&gt;&gt; THOSE ARE ALL MY CHANGES.
DO I SEE ANY OTHER COMMENTS OR
DISCUSSION ALL IN FAVOR I
UPHOLD DEVISED MINUTES OR
APPROVED NEXT THING ON OUR
AGENDA IS FOLLOW UP ON OUR
ONGOING HRC WORK COMPLAINTS.
DOES ANYBODY WANT TO TALK ABOUT
COMPLAINTS THAT ARE IN OUR
SYSTEM OR I WOULD JUST SAY
BRIEFLY I DON&apos;T HAVE THEM ALL
IN FRONT OF ME AND JUST
SPEAKING GENERALLY IT FEELS AS
THOUGH WE&apos;VE GOTTEN SEVERAL
UNDER THE FAIR CHANCE ACCESS
HOUSING ORDINANCE WE&apos;VE BEEN
ABLE TO
WHICH WE&apos;VE BEEN ABLE
TO REMEDY PRETTY QUICKLY BY
EDUCATING LANDLORDS ABOUT THE
NEW LAW AND AT LEAST ONE
POSSIBLY MORE SOURCE OF INCOME
UNDER THE NONDISCRIMINATION
ORDINANCE COMPLAINTS THERE MAY
BE OTHERS THAT ARE ALSO
STANDING.
WE ARE GETTING MORE OF THOSE
AND AND WE&apos;RE HAVING GOOD LUCK
DEALING WITH THEM.
&gt;&gt; I THINK OTHERS OTHER
COMMENTS ABOUT COMPLAINTS WE DO
HAVE AGAIN MORE COMPLAINTS THAN
NORMALLY AT THIS TIME AND IT&apos;S
PROBABLY A GOOD SIGN TRESPASS
THE STATUS OF THE DISCUSSION.
I THINK WE WILL HAVE A TRESPASS
MEETING IN TOWARD THE END
OF THE MONTH AROUND THE 24TH OR
25TH.
WE DON&apos;T HAVE A DATE YET TO
TALK ABOUT SOME OF THE CHANGES
THAT WE WANT TO MAKE, MOST
OF THE CHANGES WE WANT TO MAKE
AND WE ARE WORKING WITH BOTH
THE APD AND OUR AN ATTORNEY IN
THE CITY COUNCIL CITY, THE
CITY&apos;S CITY ATTORNEY, OUR CITY
ATTORNEY OFFICE.
THANK YOU.
WE ARE WE&apos;RE WORKING ON WE WANT
TO THANK LINDA YOU WANT JUST
VERY BRIEFLY OK, I THINK WE ALL
AGREE THAT PRIOR MEETINGS WITH
REPRESENTATIVES OF THE CITY
ATTORNEY&apos;S OFFICE AND OF THE
APD TO WORK ON REVISING THE
TRESPASS NOTICE TO MAKE IT MUCH
MORE USER FRIENDLY BECAUSE NOW
IT ISN&apos;T AND ALSO HOPEFULLY TO
ADDRESS THE THE GIG TO PROVIDE
PROPERTY OWNERS AND AGENTS
OPTIONS FOR HOW LONG THESE
TRESPASS NOTICES WOULD REMAIN
IN EFFECT ONCE THEY&apos;RE HANDED
TO A PERSON.
SO WITHOUT GOING INTO MORE
DETAIL, THOSE OF THE ROUGHLY
TWO THINGS WE&apos;RE GOING TO
DISCUSS AND WE WILL ALSO MAKE
MORE CLEAR HOW TO APPEAL A
TRESPASS IF SOMEBODY WHETHER
SOMEBODY GETS ONE I DON&apos;T THINK
THERE&apos;S MUCH TO SAY ABOUT THAT
EXCEPT THAT THIS IS ONGOING AND
IT IS WITH THE WAY WE&apos;RE DOING
IT JOINTLY WITH THE INDEPENDENT
CITIZENS OF POLICE OVERSIGHT
COMMISSION.
UM, OUTREACH UPDATE&apos;S THE FIRST
TIRPAK GONDOR OUTREACH HAS TO
DO WITH HOW WE HOW WE&apos;RE GOING
TO PLAN OUTREACH PRESENTATION
SINCE WE&apos;VE GOT SOME INDICATION
THAT BOTH PEOPLE AND FROM THE
UNIVERSITY MAYBE PEOPLE FROM
ANN ARBOR PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND
MAYBE OTHERS ARE STARTING TO
WANT PRESENTATION ABOUT NO,
YOU&apos;RE RIGHT WHAT ARE THEIR
RIGHTS UNDER THE ANN ARBOR
NONDISCRIMINATION ORDINANCE?
DIANE, ARE YOU TALKED ABOUT
DRAFTING A BROCHURE?
HAVE YOU HOW IS THAT GOING?
&gt;&gt; SO I FINISHED IT.
I WILL EMAIL IT OUT.
I COULD NOT GET A COPY OF THE
CEO FOR THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR
SO THERE ISN&apos;T ONE ON THERE.
SO IT&apos;S KIND OF IT KIND
OF LOOKS BLANK BUT SO BASICALLY
I&apos;VE DRAFTED IT AND I&apos;LL SEND
IT OUT TO YOU GUYS AND GALS AND
JUST DO WHATEVER LIKE BEAT IT
UP, TAKE A LOOK AT IT.
SORRY IT&apos;S HARD TO LOOK IT.
I FEEL LIKE I NEED TO LOOK AT
YOU WHEN I TALK TO YOU KNOW I
TRIED TO MAKE THE LANGUAGE IN
THE BROCHURE EASY TO READ AND
SIMPLE.
I TOOK A LOT OF THE INFORMATION
FROM THE CURRENT BROCHURE BUT I
CHANGED IT SLIGHTLY.
I ALSO MADE IT ONE PAGE SO THAT
IT COULD BE JUST USED AS A
FLIER AND YOU KNOW, STUCK ON
BULLETIN BOARDS OR WHATEVER
AROUND TOWN AND YOU WON&apos;T HURT
MY FEELINGS IF IT&apos;S YOU YOU
WON&apos;T HURT MY FEELINGS.
I DO WONDER, HOWEVER, WHEN
READING THROUGH THE ACTUAL
ORDINANCE AND READING THROUGH
HOW IT&apos;S WRITTEN ABOUT WHAT WE
DO, I WONDER IF IT WOULD BE
BENEFICIAL FOR US TO ADD SOME
MORE OF THE THINGS THAT WE
COVER BECAUSE WE YOU KNOW, WE
ADVERTISE THAT WE TAKE
COMPLAINTS WHICH IS TRUE BUT
IT&apos;S ONLY A FRACTION OF THE
WORK THAT WE DO AND SO IT MIGHT
BE BENEFICIAL TO GIVE A LITTLE
BIT MORE INFORMATION ABOUT WHAT
WE DO.
THE FLIP SIDE OF THAT COIN IS
THE WAY THE ORDINANCE IS
WRITTEN.
IT&apos;S VERY VAGUE AND MY LAW
BRAIN SAYS IT&apos;S SO VAGUE THAT
IT DOESN&apos;T HAVE ENOUGH
BASICALLY TO ALLOW THE HUMAN
RIGHTS COMMISSION TO DO
ANYTHING OTHER THAN MEDIATE
REALLY BECAUSE WE DON&apos;T HAVE A
WHOLE LOT OF AUTHORITY WHEN IT
COMES TO RESOLUTION OF SAD
COMPLAINTS.
AND SO I WONDER IF THERE SHOULD
BE SOME DISCUSSION ABOUT WHAT
OUR NOT OUR OUR PROCESS IN
TERMS OF FACT FINDING
NECESSARILY OR INVESTIGATION
BUT WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THERE IS
SOME SORT OF DISCRIMINATION AND
WHAT DO WE DO AND WHAT
AUTHORITY DO WE HAVE IF THERE
ISN&apos;T ANY OF AUTHORITY AND ALL
WE ARE DOING IS REFERRING
PEOPLE TO STATE AGENCIES OR
FEDERAL AGENCY, THEN THEN
THAT&apos;S WHAT WE NEED TO BE
SAYING.
HOWEVER, IF WE ARE JUST TURNING
OVER COMPLAINTS TO THE CITY
ATTORNEY&apos;S OFFICE THEN I THINK
THAT NEEDS TO BE CLEARLY STATED
AS WELL.
THE ORDINANCE DOESN&apos;T REALLY
CLEAR STATE THAT THAT&apos;S WHAT WE
DO IT IT IT&apos;S VAGUE TO SOMEONE
WHO PERHAPS DOESN&apos;T KNOW THE
LAW AND SO WHEN PEOPLE COME UP
AND THEY HAVE A CONCERN AND
THEY EXPECT THIS BODY TO DO
SOMETHING FOR THEM AND ALL WE
DO IS TAKE THEIR COMPLAINT AND
AND HAND IT TO THE CITY
ATTORNEY THAT ISN&apos;T THIS BODY
TAKING CARE OF THEIR COMPLAINT.
THAT&apos;S THE CITY ATTORNEY TAKING
CARE OF THEIR COMPLAINT.
AND I THINK THERE&apos;S A
DIFFERENCE SO SO I DON&apos;T KNOW
IF WE NEED TO PUT THIS ON THE
AGENDA AND HAVE A LARGER
DISCUSSION ABOUT IT OR YOU KNOW
I MEAN YEAH.
&gt;&gt; CAN I SAY SOMETHING?
JUST HAVING HANDLED A LOT
OF COMPLAINTS I MEAN I&apos;M NOT
DISAGREEING WITH YOU.
I THINK IN NOT IN MY TIME HERE
OR SINCE WE&apos;VE HEARD THE
COMPLAINT PROCESS WE&apos;VE NEVER
HAD TO REFER A COMPLAINT TO THE
CITY ATTORNEY&apos;S OFFICE.
WE EITHER MEDIATE A SUCCESSFUL
RESOLUTION OR WE FIND THAT
THERE&apos;S DISCRIMINATION IN MOST
CASES.
SO THERE WILL BE A RARE CASE
WHERE WE FIND DISCRIMINATION.
WE CAN&apos;T RESOLVE IT TYPICALLY
WHEN SOMEONE FINDS OUT THEY&apos;RE
DISCRIMINATING, THEY STOP
DISCRIMINATING.
&gt;&gt; THEY JUST DON&apos;T KNOW THE LAW
.
IF YOU IF WE NEED TO TAKE IT
FURTHER, THERE IS EITHER A
PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION FOR THE
INDIVIDUAL OR WE REFER TO THE
CITY ATTORNEY.
BUT IN PRACTICAL TERMS WE
HAVEN&apos;T HAD TO DO EVEN ONCE
SINCE WE&apos;VE BEGUN THE COMPLAINT
PROCESS.
YEAH, WELL I I&apos;D LIKE TO ASK A
QUESTION.
&gt;&gt; IT SEEMS LIKE WE WORK TO TRY
TO GET ASSURANCES THAT THE NON
COMPLIANT DISCRIMINATORY
CONDUCT WOULD STOP BUT WE MAY
HAVE FOUND THAT IN THAT THEY
DID VIOLATE THE
NONDISCRIMINATION ORDINANCE.
SO THERE BOTH WAS A VIOLATION
AND IF SOMEONE SHOULD EXPECT US
TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY WAY IN
ENSURING THAT THE LET&apos;S SAY 500
DOLLAR A DAY FINE THAT&apos;S
IMPOSED FOR VIOLATIONS
OF THE
RIGHT THAT THE FAIR HOUSING
ORDINANCE FOR INSTANCE, IT&apos;S
UNCLEAR TO ME WHAT WHAT WE
SHOULD TELL THEM AND I THINK
THAT WHATEVER IT IS WE DECIDE
TO DO IN TERMS OF PAST BAD ACTS
THAT SHOULD BE CLARIFIED THAT
YOU KNOW, OUR GOAL IS TO
TERMINATE THE OFFENDING
BEHAVIOR BUT NOT TO ADDRESS
BEHAVIOR THAT HAS ALREADY GONE
RIGHT.
THAT&apos;S ALREADY HAPPENED.
YEAH, IT&apos;S MY UNDERSTANDING AND
AGAIN, NONE OF THIS HAS EVER
BEEN TESTED ON ANY ACTUAL CASE
BUT SOME OF THE LANGUAGE IN
BOTH ORDINANCES AND
NONDISCRIMINATION AND FAIR
CHANCE ACCESS TO HOUSING THAT
IF THERE HAS BEEN
DISCRIMINATION AND SOMEBODY
WANTS A FINE TO BE IMPOSED, THE
CITY ATTORNEY HAS TO HAVE THE
FINE CAN ONLY BE IMPOSED BY A
COURT OF LAW.
CITY ATTORNEY CAN&apos;T IMPOSE
THAT.
WE CAN&apos;T IMPOSE IT WHICH WOULD
MEAN EITHER THROUGH A PRIVATE
RIGHT OF ACTION SOMEBODY GOES
TO A LAWYER, HIRES A LAWYER,
SAYS THIS PERSON VIOLATED THE
ORDINANCE.
I WANT I WANT THEM TO BE FINED
OR THE CITY ATTORNEY DECIDES
THAT THEY WILL BRING AN ACTION
IN ORDER TO MAKE YES.
BUT THEY&apos;RE STILL NOT
PARTICIPATING IN THE REDRESS
OF ANY BAD ACTS THAT HAVE GONE
BEFORE THAT OUR WORK IS TO IS
FOR THE FUTURE.
YES.
WHILE THE ONLY PARTICIPATION WE
HAVE TO REFER AND THE ONLY
PARTICIPATION WE HAVE IS TO
REFER THIS TO THE CITY
ATTORNEY&apos;S OFFICE WE WOULD BUT
OTHER OTHER AGENTS BUT THAT
IT&apos;S NOT CLEAR IT REALLY IS
WHAT IT REALLY IS AND I WOULD
ALSO SAY THAT IT IS NOT CLEAR
THE EXTENT TO WHICH WE CAN ONLY
DO LIMITED KINDS
OF INVESTIGATION.
&gt;&gt; I MEAN WE CAN BE A BODY THAT
HEARS HERE&apos;S YOUR YOUR YOUR
NARRATIVE AND WHAT HAPPENED TO
YOU AND CAN HELP GET SOME
OF THAT STARTED.
&gt;&gt; BUT I&apos;M NOT SURE THE WHEN WE
SAY INVESTIGATION WITHOUT
FURTHER DESCRIPTION, WE&apos;RE NOT
LEADING PEOPLE TO BELIEVE THAT
WE HAVE MORE STAFF, EVEN PAID
STAFF AND WE DON&apos;T WE DON&apos;T
KNOW.
RIGHT.
WELL, JUST A LITTLE HISTORY.
&gt;&gt; IT USED TO BE A WHAT WAS IT
CALLED THE DEPARTMENT HUMAN
RIGHTS.
&gt;&gt; OH HUMAN RELATIONS.
YEAH.
CITY WITH STAFF THAT TOOK
COMPLAINTS AND DID
INVESTIGATIONS THAT DISAPPEARED
FOR TEN YEARS.
THERE WAS NOBODY ENFORCING THE
NONDISCRIMINATION ORDINANCE IF
SOMEBODY HAPPENED TO FIND THEIR
WAY TO THE CITY ATTORNEY&apos;S
OFFICE MAYBE SOMETHING WOULD
HAPPEN.
BUT THAT&apos;S WHY WE WE ENDED UP
TAKING IT BECAUSE IT WASN&apos;T
HAPPENING.
SO YOU KNOW, THAT WAS A BATTLE
EVEN FOR US TO JUST MAYBE GET
THE VOLUNTEER BOARD.
SO IT&apos;S NOT IT&apos;S NOT PERFECT.
YEAH, WOULD YOU RECOMMEND ARE
GOING TO THE CITY ATTORNEY AND
TALKING ABOUT THIS?
OH, I WOULD LIKE TO VERY MUCH
GET THEIR OPINION ON HOW THEY
SEE US AND HOW DO THEY OUR
WORKING RELATIONSHIP AND OUR
COLLABORATION.
I THINK THAT&apos;S IMPORTANT.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, SURE.
I THINK IT&apos;S I OR OR MAYBE WE
ONCE YOU GUYS READ WHAT I&apos;VE
PUT IN THE BROCHURE, MAYBE WE
EVEN TAKE WHAT LINDA HAS
EXPLAINED AND WE SOMEHOW
INCORPORATE THAT SO THAT FOLKS
HAVE AN UNDERSTANDING BECAUSE
IT DOES MAKE SENSE.
WHAT WE WANT IS THE BEHAVIOR TO
STOP RIGHT.
THAT&apos;S ALWAYS THE GOAL AND MOST
OF THE TIME THAT HAPPENS WE
COME IN, WE HAVE A
CONVERSATION, WE EDUCATE PEOPLE
AND THE BEHAVIOR STOPS AND
THAT&apos;S A GOOD THING.
SO MAYBE THERE IS SOME
OPPORTUNITY FOR US TO PUT THAT
IN A PUT IT IN OUR BROCHURE TO
HELP PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT
THAT IS PART OF OUR PROCESS AND
THAT THAT IS PART OF OUR
WORKING GOAL AND SO THAT IT
ISN&apos;T IT ISN&apos;T AN US AGAINST
THEM OR ADVERSARIAL TYPE THING
JUST TO BE MORE TRANSPARENT I
THINK MIGHT BE MIGHT BE
HELPFUL.
&gt;&gt; YEAH, I WOULD LIKE TO SEE IT
JUST SAY PLAINLY THAT WE DO NOT
WORK TO REDRESS WELL SO I GUESS
I WOULD DISAGREE BECAUSE
SOMETIMES MEDIATION IT&apos;S NOT
JUST ABOUT PUNISHMENT AS AN
ASSESSING A FIVE HUNDRED DOLLAR
FINE IT MIGHT BE SOMEBODY GETS
THEIR JOB BACK OR SOMEBODY GETS
BACK PAY BECAUSE THEY WERE
DISCRIMINATED AGAINST AND WE
HELPED NEGOTIATE THAT
RESOLUTION SO WE CAN HELP
NEGOTIATED IF THEY&apos;RE IF
THERE&apos;S A WILLING TO GIVE A
MEDIATOR SUCCESSFULLY DONE THAT
BECAUSE OFTEN WHEN PEOPLE
UNDERSTAND THAT THEY&apos;RE
DISCRIMINATED AGAINST THEY&apos;RE
WILLING TO REDRESS IT.
YES, BUT I MEAN AS A MATTER
OF HOW WE CONDUCT OUR
INVESTIGATIONS, WE MEDIATE AND
WE APPROACH EVERY PROBLEM FROM
A POINT OF COLLABORATION.
YEAH, AND I RESPECT THAT I&apos;M
SAYING THAT IF WE WERE TO BE
WORKING IN A MORE ADVERSARIAL
OR PROCESS THAT&apos;S FOCUSED ON
REDRESSING PAST WRONGS THAT
WOULD BE DIFFERENT AND I JUST
THINK THAT THAT SHOULD BE
CLARIFIED SO PEOPLE DON&apos;T COME
IN WITH THE SPOT THAT WE&apos;RE
GOING TO HELP WITH THINGS THAT
HAVE ALREADY HAPPENED TO THEM
WHEN WELL WE WANT TO HELP WITH
THINGS THAT HAVE ALREADY
HAPPENED TO THEM BUT WE CAN&apos;T
NECESSARILY ASSESS A PENALTY.
WE CAN ONLY THE COURT WE CAN
HELP IF THE IT&apos;S A RESPONDENT&apos;S
RIGHT.
WE CAN WORK WITH YOU.
WE CAN&apos;T ORDER IT, RIGHT?
RIGHT.
NO, IT&apos;S VOLUNTARY COOPERATION
WE CAN&apos;T ORDER IT, RIGHT?
SO RIGHT.
NO, IT&apos;S VOLUNTARY COOPERATION
YES.
SO RIGHT.
IN THAT SENSE WE&apos;RE NOT
YES.
IMPOSING ANYTHING.
IN THAT SENSE WE&apos;RE NOT
&gt;&gt; WE JUST YES.
IMPOSING ANYTHING.
RIGHT.
&gt;&gt; WE JUST YES.
WELL, GIVEN THAT WE&apos;RE HANDLING
RIGHT.
A LOT MORE LEGAL ISSUES AND
WELL, GIVEN THAT WE&apos;RE HANDLING
DIFFERENT KINDS OF LEGAL ISSUES
A LOT MORE LEGAL ISSUES AND
IN SOME WAYS THAN WE EVER HAVE
DIFFERENT KINDS OF LEGAL ISSUES
GIVEN A FAIR CHANCE HOUSING
IN SOME WAYS THAN WE EVER HAVE
ORDINANCE AND CONVERSION
GIVEN A FAIR CHANCE HOUSING
THERAPY ORDENES VECK, I THINK
ORDINANCE AND CONVERSION
IT&apos;S TIME TO TALK TO A LAWYER
THERAPY ORDENES VECK, I THINK
AND FIND OUT EXACTLY WHAT WE
IT&apos;S TIME TO TALK TO A LAWYER
CAN DO AND IN THAT I DO TOO.
AND I THINK IF WE&apos;RE TALKING
ABOUT AREAS OF CONFUSION I CAN
ONLY IMAGINE WHAT YOU KNOW,
FOLKS NONLAWYERS ARE THINKING
WHEN THEY READ THE STATUTE THE
ORDINANCE OK, I WILL MAKE AN
APPOINTMENT SO I WILL EMAIL IT
OUT TO YOU GUYS.
THANK YOU.
CHOP IT UP BADDILEY WHATEVER
AND THEN YOU WE CAN MY
UNDERSTANDING IS ONCE WE KIND
OF SETTLE ON WHAT WE WANT WE
HAVE TO SEND IT OVER TO THE
CITY TO GET A STAMP OF APPROVAL
AND HAVE THE LOGO ADDED BEFORE
WE CAN SEND ANYTHING OUT OR
HAVE IT UPLOADED TO OUR WEBSITE
OR USE IT FOR OFFICIAL PUBLIC
CONSUMPTION.
&gt;&gt; OH THANK THANK YOU FOR DOING
THIS.
&gt;&gt; THIS IS THIS IS WHAT BRINGS
US QUITE A STEP FURTHER IN
TRYING TO GET THE WORD OUT AS
TO WHAT WE DO AND WHAT RIGHTS
PEOPLE HAVE AND I THINK THERE&apos;S
MORE QUESTION ABOUT THAT THAN
EVER.
SO THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
DO WE WANT TO MEET SOMETIME IN
THE AFTER AFTER READING THIS TO
TALK ABOUT IT?
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO WAIT AND
SEE AND I&apos;LL ASK ONCE WE SEE IT
IF WE WANT TO MEET ON.
OH YEAH I THINK ABOUT SO THAT
WE CAN MAKE PROGRESS EVEN
FASTER.
OK, THANK YOU DIANA
.
ANOTHER OUTREACH ACTIVITY THAT
WE REPORTED ON LAST WEEK AND
LAST MONTH HAS CHANGED IS THE
ASIAN AFRICAN AMERICAN
SOLIDARITY CELEBRATING UNITY
PICKNICK.
WE SAID THAT IT WAS AUGUST 27TH
AND THAT&apos;S WHAT IT WAS AT THAT
TIME BUT IT IS NOW SEPTEMBER
10TH.
THERE IS A LOVELY BROCHURE OR A
FLIER ABOUT IT AND IF YOU EMAIL
US OR CALL US DENISE GYMNAST&apos;S
WILL SEND YOU A COPY OF THIS
BROCHURE IF YOU WANT TO
VOLUNTEER, LET US KNOW THAT YOU
CAN LET DENISE KNOW AND IF YOU
WANT TO CONTRIBUTE YOU CAN DO
THAT AS WELL.
INFORMATION IS ON THE BROCHURE
AND IT&apos;S A GOOD WAY TO GET US
ALL TOGETHER CELEBRATING UNITY.
&gt;&gt; UM, HOW ABOUT THE WE ALSO
TALKED LAST AT THE LAST MEETING
ABOUT THE PROPOSED ORDINANCE
AMENDMENT TO PROHIBIT
DISCRIMINATION AGAINST THE USE
OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT ISSUED
CREDENTIALS AND WE WERE ALL
EXCITED ABOUT IT INCLUDED YOU
HAVE AN UPDATE?
&gt;&gt; I DO, MA&apos;AM.
I AT THIS POINT THINK THAT I
WOULD LIKE TO FOCUS THE THE
ORDINANCE ON ON THE MODEL VERY
SIMILAR TO A FORM OF RENT
PAYMENT SO IT WOULD BE TO
PROHIBIT DISCRIMINATION BASED
ON THE SOURCE OF A GOVERNMENT
ISSUED I
IN THAT WAY I THINK IT
EXPRESSES MORE GENERALLY THAT
THE CLASS OF GOVERNMENT ISSUED
IDS ARE TOGETHER AND THERE&apos;S NO
THERE&apos;S NO REASON UNLESS THERE
IS A STATUTE COMPELLING A
PARTICULAR VENDOR TO UTILIZE
ONLY ONE PARTICULAR OR ONE
CLASS OF ID CARD.
BUT IF THERE IS NO COMPELLING
REASON THEN A GOVERNMENT ISSUED
I.D. SHOULD BE TREATED EQUALLY
AS ANOTHER GOVERNMENT ISSUED
I.D. WHETHER IT BE FROM ANOTHER
STATE OR FROM A DIFFERENT LEVEL
OF GOVERNMENT.
SO ARE YOU PROPOSING TO DO THAT
THERE BE IN THE
NONDISCRIMINATION ORDINANCE I&apos;M
SORRY, ARE YOU ARE YOU
PROPOSING THAT THAT BE PART
OF THE NONDISCRIMINATION
ORDINANCE?
YES.
AND THAT&apos;S WHAT I&apos;M WORKING ON
IS TRYING TO WRITE, UH, THE
AMENDED AMENDMENTS TO THE
ORDINANCE.
&gt;&gt; OK, SO YOU&apos;VE GOT A
COMMITTEE THAT HAS ALREADY BEEN
FORMED A WORKING GROUP UH AND
YOU&apos;RE GOING TO CALL THEM
TOGETHER SOMETIME THIS MONTH.
YES.
AND SHARE A DRAFT OF WHAT I&apos;VE
WHAT I HAVE AND THEN WE CAN
ROLL UP OUR SLEEVES AND MAKE
ALL THE CHANGES WE NEED.
&gt;&gt; OK, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS OR
FOR YOU TO LOOK?
NO THANK YOU FOR DOING ANYTHING
IS HEARING THINGS THAT AREN&apos;T
BEING FAIR.
IT&apos;S VERY EXCITING.
UM, THAT IS ALL THAT IS ON MY
AGENDA.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
I IS THERE ANY NEW BUSINESS.
&gt;&gt; NO NOTHING THEN IN FACT I
THINK WE ARE ABOUT READY TO
ADJOURN ADJOURN.
CAN WE HAVE A MOTION ON I&apos;LL
MOVE TO ADJOURN FAVOR I THANK
YOU EVERYBODY.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU FOR COMING